I want to start off saying that this camera is small for a reason. Some people, in their reviews, complain about its small size, and how it doesn't compare with larger cameras. I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen. The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it. I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had my eye on for a while. A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy. Other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as I'd like them, I'd say that this camera is perfect.

OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.

I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size. It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera. I take it with me everywhere,literally, it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable. There is also a small covering for the lens, so you need not worry that the lens will get scratched. The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong! The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration). However, I do have a few things to complain about... First off, the battery. This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there. Not only is it inconvenient, but also the battery life span is short. The longest I've had it work was about 1 hour and 45 minutes. This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine. Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function. Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since it hardly zooms in...wrong! Very wrong. The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use it if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet. Even just turning the camera on will move the lens a little, resulting in a noisy start-up. The flash is very weak. Really dissapointing. If you are inside, you can't be any farther away then 10 feet in a lit room. The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function. The auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject. To make matters work, there is no manual override to overcome this problem. The focus is great, though, if you are not taking a macro shot. These are all the flaws I found in the camera,  it's not my first choice in cameras, I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size. If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.

I researched digital cameras for a month before purchasing the s100... after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, I decided on the s100.

I have had this little gem for four months now. It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths. I had a regular Canon Elph (APS), as well as a JVC digital camera. I was looking for a blend of the two and so I bought this camera. I'll share some observations that may differ a bit from what other reviewers have noted. It is perhaps too small. I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on. Its size makes holding it steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips). The delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots. This is due to the unusually slow autofocus system. The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card (I got a 64 meg card for $... and it holds 105 pics at 1600 x 1200 res). The camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away. It is hot enough to be annoying. Canon says it's normal. I have found it gets less warm with the LCD off.

This wonderfully small digital camera produces fantastically good pictures printed on any decent photo-quality printer (with photo quality paper). It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.

I have used many digital cameras. This IS the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to: Take quick pictures with excelent resolution. Hate to wait between shots. Download it fast to your computer. Have a great and easy to use bundled software. Travel with it without knowing you have it in your pocket

FYI, Battery doesn't die if you don't use LCD. The color and light I captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to Turkey (gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques) were far superior to anything I've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera. I love this camera.

I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it. It's still one of the smallest 2MP digital cameras on the market, and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever.

bought my camera based on recommendations from my other friends who own it. I am very pleased with my purchase. It's best to list the pros and cons of this camera: I've been incredibly happy with this camera. This camera is great if you're used to a high-end SLR. It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow. Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for my taste). Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc. The zoom range is a little narrow (35-70mm in 35mm film equivalent), but given that the camera is the same as my wallet, I can't think of any real complaint. The SS body is wonderful, feels high-quality.
